README.md, before:


# Workday Scheduler 

This assignment was to create a simple calendar application that allows a user to save events for each hour of the day by modifying starter code. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

I used [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) to work with dates and times. 

## User Story

```
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a time block
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that time block
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```

Commit message:

added screenshot and link to deployed page
added screenshot and link to deployed page in read me file

README.md, after:


# Workday Scheduler 

This assignment was to create a simple calendar application that allows a user to save events for each hour of the day by modifying starter code. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

I used [Moment.js](https://momentjs.com/) to work with dates and times. 
Below we have a link to the application, a screenshot, and the acceptance criteria.
![workdaysample](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52890172/105667117-bdfe2c00-5ea8-11eb-8bbe-ae6ea3f1c536.png)

[Workday Scheduler](https://chorvick.github.io/workdayscheduler/)





## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the time blocks for that day
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a time block
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that time block
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```
